README.md, before:

### Before running this program:

1. Must have Google Chrome.
2. Install these libraries: Scweet, pandas, numpy
    - for Scweet: https://github.com/Altimis/Scweet
3. The Scweet is not currently maintained. Some code in the library must be modified
   to make it work:
    - Tweet text data is not properly scraped due to Twitter UI change. To fix this, 
      in VS Code (other code editor have this feature too), right click the `scrape()` 
      function in the code and click _Go to Definition_. You will be directed to 
      `scweet.py`. Within the directory of `scweet.py`, you will see `utils.py`, go 
      that file. Replace line 47 with:
    
      ```python
      text = card.find_element_by_xpath('.//div[@data-testid="tweetText"]').text
      ```
    - `get_user_information()` returns `None` most of the time. To fix this, go to `user.py`
      (it is in the same directory as `scweet.py` and `utils.py`) and replace
      line 95 with:
      
      ```python
      sleep(30)
      ```

### How to run:
```
usage: scraper.py [-h] -c COLLECTOR_NAME -s DATE -u DATE -k keyword [keyword ...]

This program automates the data collection for the CS 132 Project. This automatically saves a CSV file (format:
<SINCE_DATE>---<UNTIL_DATE>) of the formed dataframe from scraped tweets. Please place in double quotes the command
argument value/s. Example usage of this program: python test.py -c "Marinas, Gabriel Kenneth" -s "2016-01-01" -u
"2016-03-1" -k "fakevp" "leni mandaraya" "2016 election"

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c COLLECTOR_NAME, --collector COLLECTOR_NAME
                        Your name. Format: <Last Name>, <First Name>, e.g. "Marinas, Gabriel Kenneth"
  -s DATE, --since DATE
                        Start date of parsing. Format: YYYY-MM-DD
  -u DATE, --until DATE
                        End date of parsing. Format: YYYY-MM-DD
  -k keyword [keyword ...], --keywords keyword [keyword ...]
                        Keywords used for scraping. You can specify many keywords, e.g. -k "fakevp" "leni mandaraya" "2016
                        election"
```

Commit message:

Include hashtag in scraping; can clink image link during manual checking if it is included in the tweet

README.md, after:

### Before running this program:

1. Must have Google Chrome.
2. Install these libraries: Scweet, pandas, numpy
    - for Scweet: https://github.com/Altimis/Scweet
3. The Scweet is not currently maintained. Some code in the library must be modified
   to make it work:
    - Tweet text data is not properly scraped due to Twitter UI change. To fix this, 
      in VS Code (other code editor have this feature too), right click the `scrape()` 
      function in the code and click _Go to Definition_. You will be directed to 
      `scweet.py`. Within the directory of `scweet.py`, you will see `utils.py`, go 
      that file. Replace line 47 with:
    
      ```python
      text = card.find_element_by_xpath('.//div[@data-testid="tweetText"]').text
      ```
    - `get_user_information()` returns `None` most of the time. To fix this, go to `user.py`
      (it is in the same directory as `scweet.py` and `utils.py`) and replace
      line 95 with:
      
      ```python
      sleep(30)
      ```
    - hashtag is not scraped properly. To fix this, change line 52 in `utils.py` with:

      ```python
      embedded = card.find_element_by_xpath(".//div[contains(@data-testid, 'videoPlayer') or contains(@data-testid, 'tweetPhoto')]//img").get_attribute('src')
      ```

      change `hash_tags` initialization (line 157) with:

      ```python
      hash_tags = ''
      if hashtag is not None:
        hashtag = list(map(lambda x: '%23' + x, hashtag))
        hash_tags = '(' + hashtag.split('%20OR%20') +')%20'
      ```

      change line 62 in `scweet.py` with:
      ```python
        path = save_dir + "/" + '_'.join(hashtag) + '_' + str(since).split(' ')[0] + '_' + str(until).split(' ')[0] + '.csv'
      ```

### How to run:
```
usage: scraper.py [-h] -c COLLECTOR_NAME -s DATE -u DATE -k keyword [keyword ...] -H hashtag [hashtag ...]

This program automates the data collection for the CS 132 Project. This automatically saves a CSV file (format:
<SINCE_DATE>---<UNTIL_DATE>) of the formed dataframe from scraped tweets. Please place in double quotes the command argument      
value/s. Example usage of this program: python test.py -c "Marinas, Gabriel Kenneth" -s "2016-01-01" -u "2016-03-1" -k "fakevp"   
"leni mandaraya" -H "FakeVP" "ImpeachLeni"

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -c COLLECTOR_NAME, --collector COLLECTOR_NAME
                        Your name. Format: <Last Name>, <First Name>, e.g. "Marinas, Gabriel Kenneth"
  -s DATE, --since DATE
                        Start date of parsing. Format: YYYY-MM-DD
  -u DATE, --until DATE
                        End date of parsing. Format: YYYY-MM-DD
  -k keyword [keyword ...], --keywords keyword [keyword ...]
                        Keywords used for scraping. You can specify many keywords, e.g. -k "fakevp" "leni mandaraya" "2016        
                        election"
  -H hashtag [hashtag ...], --hashtags hashtag [hashtag ...]
                        Hashtags used for scraping. You can specify many hashtags, e.g. -h "#FakeVP" "#ImpeachLeni"
                        "#LeniResign"
```
